hello people how are you I'm sigh from
ghettos nite salon and Glasgow here and
London very excited to be interviewing
the one and only fashion guru that has
got one the fabulous Tiaras is about the
house house house mr. Griffith again I
got how are you I'm saying on excellence
a team glass born can I just give you my
favorite Scottish more pathways and turn
I'm gonna give us much to your body
impressed there you go they are now you
are blushing I start wife are doc think
fast okay glasses or contacts Glover's
vidal sassoon or some kick be Darth
assume blonde bombshell a run buses
redhead redhead all the reasons I'm
flirting with you can you tell the
general consensus on my workplace is
that you actually look white hot and
your weight classes do you yourself have
a favorite pair I do and they bloke on
saturday i was drunk i know i was really
drunk and i want to go and speak to a
friend of mine and I've had one too many
starter tops and I head-butted wall was
I was blind to unhide to talk to her and
they broke so yes sir they broke so I
need to get a new pair that i love now
do you honestly believe glasses are sexy
I journey me do you think lots of sexy
when I when I was younger I fancy guys
the glasses it was a big thing of mine I
love the geek to chic kind of things and
I have to say if I go into a club or go
into a room there's certain things that
I pick out first and number one is they
have to be snappy dresses with lots of
originality and number two I love the
glasses and I do I genuinely think
glasses are really hot I think they are
app so that you're gorgeous because I
love the idea of someone being confident
I think it takes often someone very very
confident to be on to justify why they
wear glasses because via stigma attached
to it
it kind of come hand-in-hand there's a
lot of stigma attached to people to do
wear glasses that are you proud of them
boss I am especially to you became his
limp dick and wore your glasses made me
feel a lot more comfortable that myself
and my god the movie i think i've
definitely run how do you from an
artistic perspective Seth through the
rubble and fainted Jim jobs to choose as
that a process you go through do you
know what I had to believe in what I'm
doing you know how does a good naked
when it was when it first came when the
guys at channel 4 first asked me to
present the show I was really unsure
whether I wanted to do and I come from
her from the starting background so I
come from the fashion industry in some
ways I was kind of sticking my fingers
up to fashion saying it's gotta change
but I did genuinely believed in what we
were talking about and what we were
discussing but I got offered a million
different TV shows and millions of
different concepts and treatments to
read and stuff but I wouldn't ever do
anything unless I was politically in
doing there someone has to choose a
winner I'm very glad and jen's very glad
that it's not us whoever is out there
what was it like meeting Sarah Jessica
Parker Alice 6 an ascetic premium it was
amazing it was amazing you know Sarah
descarca this this woman this icon who
invented the TV show that changed my
life was then saying that she knew who I
was and then from there I knew Kim
Cattrall already and all the other girls
and then Patricia Field comes up and she
says the same thing all your my British
equivalent and I just then died I mean
that night I mean it was basically
baiting the whole night I mean that's
what it was like on the on the red
carpet it was that kind of energy sorry
i don't think i can say that one can I
on a girl's my aunt but anyway but
that's what it was like it was amazing
it was like the biggest orgasm about
four hours it was phenomenal you
recorded on a Friday night project Dave
origin that your new year's resolution
was to find a husband I was just
wondering how you're getting all of that
task i canna way I don't wait on you are
Phil and the answer is yes the bone I'm
still auditioning and which has been fun
and mine will be Estella till I just
took my biggest flirt interview I think
I've ever done even more than Alan Carr
I mean amazing